1. Created a project (java web application) using java ant in netBeans named Techblog.
    
            . Inside sorch package i created four package for store the java classes

                   1. com.tech.blog.helper
                   2. ..............entities
                   3. ..............dao
                   4. ..............sevlets;
    a.helper package - 

        it is used to help the other java classs.

    b. sevlates package -
   
        it is used to store all servaltes classes.

    c. dao package -

        it use to store the classe that are help us to interaction with databases.
 
    d.  entities package - 

        it is used to reprsent all the tables 

        for ege if in the database have a user table then it used to store all table classes

2. inside the web pages have web-inf folded inside the folder i created a web.xml file.

3. inside the web pages i created index.jsp file for homepage

    . for digign for homepage i used bootstrap 4
          
        with the help of bootstrap 4 i add css and javascript into the jsp file.

        inside the web pages i create two other folder

          a. css  - mystyle.css;
    
              . for store self made css file

          b. js - myjs.js;

             . for self made javascript file


4.  Database satup -

       for the database i used mySql database for help i use msqlyoug gui client

              msql version 9.

              jdbc version9

           a. in the helper package i created a java class ConnectionProvider.java for connect with database.

           b. inside the Msql database i created a database named Techblog.


5. homepage digigning - 


       for hompage digigning i created normal_navbarde.jsp and store all the navebare co into the file.
        for reuse the navare 

         navbare directly picked from bootstrap webside.

         for normal webpage color i created primary_background class inside the css page and i can use it anywhere 
          
          into the code

        for icon like bell,star and contact us i used font awesome icon from w3Schools



6. Registration module - 

         a. for user table i created User named class in entities package to take the information about user .
         b. for store the information in databse about  user i created UserDao class in dao package
              
                and created a user object into UserDao class

7. Login module  

           Error handling for error pages

          iside userDo getUserByEmailPassword()
8.  logout module - 

    degigning profile page and add logut button 

9. add some features like profile view by modal code from bootstrap .....
      digingning of profile pge

    
       dispaying  user details on clicking  on name etc.

10.  update profile module ---

     can change name,email,password, profile pic et

     completed edit form with help of jquerry and javsscript

         



    